if you're looking to buy a cheap
entry-level fifa15 account or even to
charge your own account with coins go
check the link in the description below
and if you want to buy a cheap MSP and
piece and codes and even games GT also
down below hey guys how's it going and
welcome to my new special fever hitting
tutorial today I'm going to share my
techniques of doing daily
counter-attacks with you guys last week
I created a special tutorial on how to
defend against counter-attacks and this
week I will show you the best weapons
for surprising your opponent's when
they've lost the ball in front positions
the best way for you to get used to it
is by looking at a few different in game
situations in our first example my
opponent is about to lose possession of
the bow and the first thing we have to
do is to take a look at the Raider below
and to see if we have teammates up front
if so we immediately passable up front
and at the same time we start tapping
the L 1 lb modifier button on your
controller by tapping the button you
will make your teammates run toward the
opponent's goal this is really important
to involve as many teammates as possible
in the opponent's field as it will
create more opportunities for us to
continue building our attack thanks to
the modifier button we have Nemer over
there as well as hook who is running
towards the goal because we are tapping
the L 1 lb modifier button this is an
easy and efficient way to surprise our
opponents and to destroy them with
counter-attacks please keep in mind that
you have to keep tapping the modifier
button if you create a go situation in
our next example we take the bow we make
Ebro and Lukas run towards the goal
thanks to the modifier button again and
I also use another very effective
technique in this counter-attack the one
to pass
which is also data and a quick way to
beat his defense the combo is strongly
recommend about four counter-attacks at
all as you can see we created a very
very invisible unstoppable
counter-attack using only three passes
and guys the same rules for building
counter-attacks apply to all of the rest
situations in which you have an
opportunity to create a counter-attack
we tap the modifier button we call for
teammates who will support us up front
and the we use one two passes to go past
the defenders lock two balls or else a
normal true pass towards the strikers
like in the example which you are seeing
on screen now I always say use all of
these techniques while creating my daily
counter-attacks and my opponents have no
time to react against my quick methods
for going past defenders and guys there
isn't such a big difference what type of
formation you will play with the
modifier button will make your teammates
support you in every single formation so
fellas this is gonna be the end of
today's FIFA 15 tutorial hope you've
enjoyed if so drop a like on the video
and if we manage to hit 500 likes that
would be absolutely amazing subscribe
for more cool tutorials and I will see
you guys tomorrow
bye bye